Clarify/fix `proj:epsg` requirement (#15)
stac-extensions/projection: README.md

| proj:shape       | \[integer]      | Number of pixels in Y and X directions for the default grid |
| proj:transform   | \[number]       | The affine transformation coefficients for the default grid  |

If any of the fields is used, `proj:epsg` is required in the scope where the field is used.

> For example, if you use `proj:shape` is used in an Item Asset, you need to specify `proj:epsg` in that specific Asset, too.

Reviewer: This language is confusing. Are we now saying that `proj:epsg` is required for any Item that has a `proj:wkt2`? We can't reliably do that for all WKT2, of course. I think this section needs to be rewritten to clarify intention and prescribe to users what they should do for various scenarios.

Author: Yes, but you can set it to null as described in the README. This was already true beforehand, `proj:epsg` was always required to be set (EPSG code or null).

Author: Changed to not require proj:epsg any longer.

structure, since they are both JSON. For now it's probably best to use both for maximum interoperability, but just using PROJJSON 
is likely ok if you aren't worried about legacy client support.

### Thumbnails

> For (unlocated) thumbnails and similar imagery, it is recommended to add `proj:shape` with `proj:epsg` set to `null`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For (unlocated) thumbnails and similar imagery, it is recommended set `proj:epsg` to `null` and include `proj:shape`
```

Slight wordsmithing to make it clear that `proj:shape` and `proj:epsg` are not linked. To me, 

> add `proj:shape` with `proj:epsg`

scans like `proj:epsg` is a component of `proj:shape`.

Author: Good point, updated.
